[Edit] Documentation: Contribution Guide (#580)
Codecademy/docs: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

With everything installed, in the repository root (whatever directory contains the `package.json` file) you can run

> **Note**: In the commands below this note, `npm` may be used if that is the local package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you use `npm` instead of `yarn`, it is fine to do so with the commands described below.
```
